Update docs for the default TPV for Apple platforms. (#43089)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/frameworks.md

| .NET 7       | Windows      | 7.0         |
| .NET 8       | Windows      | 7.0         |

> [!NOTE]

> > On Apple platforms (iOS, macOS, tvOS and Mac Catalyst) and on .NET 8 or earlier,
> > the default TPV is the latest supported version in the currently installed workload.
> > For instance, this means that updating the iOS workload in .NET 8 may result in a higher default
> > TPV, if we've added support for a new version of iOS in that workload. In the table above,
> > the default TPV is the one in the initial release for the .NET version in question.
> >
> > Starting in .NET 9, we've changed this special behavior to only apply to executable projects,
> > while the default TPV for library projects will stay the same for the entirety of
> > a major .NET release, like all other platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On Apple platforms (iOS, macOS, tvOS, and Mac Catalyst) in .NET 8 and earlier,
> the default TPV is the latest supported version in the currently installed workload.
> That means that updating the iOS workload in .NET 8, for example, might result in a higher default
> TPV, if support for a new version of iOS has been added in that workload. In the preceding table,
> the default TPV is the one in the initial release for the stated .NET version.
>
> Starting in .NET 9, this special behavior only applies to executable projects.
> The default TPV for library projects now stays the same for the entirety of
> a major .NET release, like all other platforms.
```
